README.md, before:

# terraform-module

![CI Terraform](https://github.com/benniemosher-dev/terraform-module/actions/workflows/ci-terraform.yml/badge.svg)

🧱 A Terraform module template repo 🧱

## ✅ TODO:

Things to change when first creating a module:

- [ ] In `README.md` change `terraform-module` to the name of this module (i.e. `terraform-cloudflare-record`)
- [ ] In `.github/workflows/ci-terraform.yml` delete lines 13-14 enabling cost
- [ ] In `README.md` delete the [TODO](README.md#todo) section

## 📜 Usage:

- To install dependencies needed run:
  ```bash
  brew bundle install
  ```
- To initialize Terraform in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:init
  ```
- To update modules and providers in this folder:
  ```bash
  task init -- -upgrade
  ```
- To validate the module in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:validate
  ```
- To plan the infrastructure in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:plan
  ```
- To plan specific resources of infrastructure in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:plan -- -target='cloudflare_record.this'
  ```

### 🆒 Extras:

- To find all the automation available in this folder:
  ```bash
  task --list-all
  ```
- To estimate the cost of the infrastructure in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:cost
  ```
- To update the documentation in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:docs
  ```
- To lint the Terraform in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:lint
  ```
- To validate security in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:sec
  ```

## 📋 Documentation

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.3 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

No inputs.

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

BAM: Created basic AWS encryption key module (#1)

README.md, after:

# terraform-aws-kms

![CI Terraform](https://github.com/benniemosher-dev/terraform-aws-kms/actions/workflows/ci-terraform.yml/badge.svg)

🗝️ A TF module for AWS encryption keys. 🗝️

## 📜 Usage:

- To install dependencies needed run:
  ```bash
  brew bundle install
  ```
- To initialize Terraform in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:init
  ```
- To update modules and providers in this folder:
  ```bash
  task init -- -upgrade
  ```
- To validate the module in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:validate
  ```
- To plan the infrastructure in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:plan
  ```
- To plan specific resources of infrastructure in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:plan -- -target='cloudflare_record.this'
  ```

### 🆒 Extras:

- To find all the automation available in this folder:
  ```bash
  task --list-all
  ```
- To estimate the cost of the infrastructure in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:cost
  ```
- To update the documentation in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:docs
  ```
- To lint the Terraform in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:lint
  ```
- To validate security in this folder:
  ```bash
  task infra:sec
  ```

## 📋 Documentation

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.40 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.46.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_kms_alias.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_alias) | resource |
| [aws_kms_key.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_key) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_config"></a> [config](#input\_config) | The config to create the encryption key with. | <pre>object({<br>    deletion_window_in_days = optional(string, 10)<br>    description             = optional(string, "Managed by Terraform")<br>    enable_key_rotation     = optional(bool, true)<br>    name                    = string<br>    policy                  = optional(string, null)<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | The ARN of the KMS key created. |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | The ID of the KMS key created. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
